# Healthcare-India
PROBLEM:- Indian's healthcare system has been battling various issues , including the low number of institution and less adequate human resources for quite a while now. - Lack of infrastructure -Shortange of effective and trained manpower -Unmanageable patient load -High out of pocket expenditure remains a stress factor OPPORTUNITIES :- The Indian healthcare market which is worth around US$ 100 billion will likely to grow at CARG of 23% to US$ 280 billion by 2020 . Its offers employment around 4%of the population
Improving Health in India As the world's second most populous country and one of its fasting growing economies, India faces both unique challenges and unprecedented opportunities in the sphere of public health. India also has dynamic pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries world class scientist including a burgeoning clinical trails industry and leading hospital that attract foreign paitent and treat its better off citizens. -Encouraging innovation and manufacturing within the country. -Spending more on medical research . -Improving medical, nursing and technical education as well as upskilling of existing manpower. -International collaborations. -Quantum increase in budget allocations. -Rebuilding trust between doctors and patients. -Reclaiming peace and harmony. -Introducing eggs in anganwadi centres. -Making workplaces safe. -A stronger push against tuberculosis. -Primary healthcare centres regain their primacy. -Women and girls are able to access care whenever they need.
